Welcome to the course on creating reliefs in Carveco or ArtCAM 2018.
This is the introductory lesson.
I will talk a little more about what you need understand to start this course and, of course, some basic
things that we will use.
The creation of reliefs in ArtCAM, Carveco or any other CAM program with this functionality is initially
done through the creation of vectors.
The creation and editing vectors are essential for creating reliefs in ArtCAM.
If you don't have experience in creating vectors directly on ArtCAM, but you do have experience in Corel Draw,
Illustrattor, or any other vector creation software, that will be sufficient.
Throughout the course, I chose to use only one software which is Carveco, to also demonstrate vector
editing if necessary when creating the reliefs.
Well, let 's get to know our workspace.
Alright folks, this is our workspace and as you can see there are a lot of tools here for us to work with.
The vector creation tools are located on the left side of the screen, as you can see.
Text creation is also located here.
Down here, just below this vector creation section, there are some manual relief editing tools, which we will
discuss in a future session.
At the top, there are some other tools here for creating reliefs.
This one here is the shape editor.
Other commonly used ones are also here.
3D combination and various other tools are at the top.
There are also some other vector editing tools a bit higher up, and some other tools for editing or correcting
vectors on the right side.
This project tab is the most important tab that we will use throughout the entire course.
Without it, you won't be able to follow all the steps.
If it does not appear for you, go to the WINDOW menu at the top, then to TOOLBARS AND DOCKING WINDOWS, and
click on the PROJECT tab at the bottom.
Then, it will appear on your workspace.
Well, another thing we will use a lot are the 3D view modes, okay?
We will also use the 2D mode, especially when talking about bitmaps.
And we will use the menu up here, when opening a file, importing a relief, that kind of thing.
Well, I ask that you get well-acquainted with the environment and become familiar with most of the tools,
especially for vector creation, as we will be using them a lot.
And if you want to change the software layout, just go up to the menu in the WINDOW, in the LAYOUT tab, and
you will see that there are three options for you to choose there.
What we are using is the standard mode, but there is also the advanced and classic mode for you to choose
from.
The classic one looks a bit more like the old Artcam or Aspire.
So, if you already have some knowledge or skill with this layout, I recommend that you use the classic one.
This lesson was just the introduction.
I look forward to seeing you, in the next lesson where we will start the relief creation process.